c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\SteamMobileService.dll.config
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\SteamMobileService.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\SteamMobileService.pdb
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\RazorEngine.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\RazorEngine.pdb
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\RazorEngine.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\obj\Debug\SteamMobileService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\obj\Debug\SteamMobileService.dll
c:\users\user.i-nb115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\obj\Debug\SteamMobileService.pdb
C:\Users\user.I-NB115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SteamMobileService\SteamMobileService\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.dll
